retail is becoming a very limited aspect
of the economy it seems more stores are
closing up shop because they are either
going online or they are being bought
out or simply destroyed by competition
this is a widespread issue and is
leaving shopping malls empty you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you I have a whole bunch of issues
that I want to get into today I want to
show you some charts I want to show you
some other information let's get into it
right away looking at this
infographic what you will see is the
inconvenient energy fact it takes 79
solar workers to produce the same amount
of electric power as one coal worker I
am all in favor of alternative energy
clean energy but the fact remains is
that it is very expensive to do what
they are doing right now all Industries
are subsidized in this regard anyway
you'll see that with Dairy Farmers and
you see that with different energy
markets and everything else and it seems
to be that they tend to push something
that they believe is beneficial that's
the problem that we have with Central
planners they never know what to do
they're always either to or early or too
late and it simply wastes a lot of money
along the way this perhaps would suggest
to everyone this is one of those cases
all right look at this more workers in
solar than fossil fuel power generation
look at the chart for Solo or the graph
here showing you significantly more
versus fossil fuels as an example and it
just shows you the way that this works
the government cannot plan anything they
simply don't know what they're
doing a decade of negative headlines
about our company this talking about
Sears and over the years different
headlines that have been going on and
you'll see shutting down stores shutting
down stores it didn't happen overnight
this is something that is continuously
going on more and more sear have been
closing up shop yes there still
online but the store itself is going out
the window Trends have changed and new
retailers have opened up their doors but
a lot of that has been going online but
that's not just the case of going online
there's a much bigger situation that's
going
on Sears is closing 66 more stores even
in Toronto this has happened it's
happened all over the place in fact
okay I want to switch gears for one
second right
here you can see this it's there's a lot
to cover in the chart let me let me just
see if I can just mention a couple
points the 12 Monon rolling net
liquidity injection in billions of
dollars that's on the left side and on
the right you're seeing the msci world
Equity index essentially what we have
here at this time is
massive amounts of money being printed
into the system even though we are still
have the stocks at a record high
globally stocks are at near record highs
or all-time
highs this should be a warning to the
central banks hey why not pull back on
some of this injection why not increase
interest rates why not try to stabilize
the system instead of letting it run red
hot that's what I find to be oh so very
funny unless you really understand what
they are trying to do they are trying to
siphon wealth away from the middle class
and into the hands of the elite every
time they print up money digital money
it ends up in the hands of the elite and
guess who has to pay for it ultimately
through oneway shape or form you and
I this right here is talking about the
store closings I should have put it uh
prior but anyway you're looking at this
right here and I would just suggest to
everyone yes clearly 2017 massive store
closures a lot of people say look it's
because people are going online but that
didn't happen
overnight stores didn't close and Amazon
just happened to just come up out of
nowhere in 2017 that's not the case the
economy is
dying and yes Amazon is doing well more
people are going online to shop there
and shop at other big online
retailers but that's not the reason why
seers is closing as an example I mean
people simply are looking for better
deals they are starting to uh use new
methods to to do things this is the old
way is going out that's a fact and you
can see
that we had a tremendous amount of store
closures right there around 2008 2009
even and so on and you'll see that that
has um started to calm down over the
years as the money started pumping out
there but once the gravy train
stopped racing through well well things
really changed and other than this
little sort of blip that occurred here
in 2016 the trend since 2013 has been on
the up so we'll see what happens next
year this is the biggest Banks from 1987
according to
deposits now that is
strikingly apparent that the J Japanese
Banks
clearly had the market
share so what
about now we looking at
China really being at the Forefront here
where massive amounts of wealth have
made their way through China and into
China you can see the infrastructure
that's being built obviously with the
public works going on there but a lot
has changed and this chart charts or two
charts I should say show me very clearly
what's happening with the banking
system then a couple charts here that I
wanted to show you the new summer school
the percentage of 16 to 19 year olds
enrolled in school each July more and
more and more individuals young
individuals are finding themselves to go
into school where they perhaps wouldn't
have before that's a trend that just
continues on and on there's a reason for
this and uh partially because they're
having uh much more difficult time
finding work so they just go back to
school also at the same time education
in different areas is
becoming subsidized and it is becoming a
way for uh people to basically try and
improve their skill
set what I would tell you is that the
goal is to give everyone a free
University education while that seems
good on the outside it basically dilutes
what it's all worth and that is the case
today you know uh several decades ago
somebody had a high school education
they could get a great job today that
isn't really the case more and more that
degree is being looked for and it seems
to be of less
value more and more to learn percentage
of high school graduates completing at
least four years of English three years
of science math and social science and
two years of foreign language that is
increasing as well the numbers are only
up in 2009 but the trend is very clear
and the points are uh from what I made
previously an improving jobs Market
teens are usually about three times more
likely to be unemployed than other
Americans youth unemployment isep is an
epidemic globally look at Spain look at
Portugal look at Italy where you're
seeing half of the youth unemployed
that's no different than what we see in
the US there's no different I mean the
percentages obviously are different
but it's the same
situation and they're suggesting that
you know older individuals are stealing
their jobs I think it's a bit much
bigger picture that we're not looking at
and uh just the overall economy isn't
doing as well as it was before but have
no fear because the robots are here to
help you
out the future unfortunately doesn't
look too promising that's why we need to
be extra careful we need to be extra
prepare prepared at this time so I hope
that you're doing your due diligence if
you found this video informative please
give me a thumbs
up
now I want to tell everybody finally the
t-shirts are here I have one designed
already and uh there's so many more
going to come I I assure you so if you
go to the money gps.com click on the
store link from that link you will be
brought to this page first one's the
audiobooks but the second one here with
the picture of the t-shirt that will
bring you right over to Amazon so then
you'll see this uh one shirt here it's
available this is the women's design uh
men youth there's different sizes
different
colors um you know for you to take a
look at I think the white looks good for
this the only
thing that I found interesting was that
for whatever
reason the
only people that can buy these t-shirts
are if you're from the US I didn't
select that that's there's no way around
it unfortunately Amazon's program Amazon
merch unfortunately will only deliver at
this time to people in the US so you
know I hope they expand it as soon as
they do I will obviously want to bring
that out to the whole world I can't even
order my own shirts I mean it it's to me
it's truly unfortunate anyway I'll try
to figure something out in the meantime
if you're in the US and you want to
purchase this shirt or other shirts
definitely check out the money gps.com
head over to the link you can get this
one here I think it's pretty cool I
think it sends a message and then I
tried to just keep my money GPS logo
very uh small there not to be
intrusive just to send a message to
people you'll be able to do that at the
same time you support me so I do
appreciate that very much once again
that's at the money gps.com take care